000 : The jury is like snap A twist like they love twist any great try list.
001 : 
002 : Well, it was like dismiss to collect my fresh the George issue over under on others. Like this my honor your honor, not my honor? Why don't you like him?
003 : Don't let it come down here and defend me against these characters and the only one I've gotten myself is the blood sucking lawyer welcome.
004 : This podcast is sponsored by the Law Offices of P. Andrew Torres LLC for entertainment purposes is not intended as legal advice and does not form an attorney client relationship don't take legal advice from a podcast.
005 : Hello and Welcome to opening arguments is episode 302. I mean host Thomas Smith that over there is Andrew Torres. How you doing. Andrew I am fantastic Thomas? How are you and happy birthday thank you thank you.
006 : Yes, say Unfortunately older I can't predict it everytime by shout out to Australians for making me think I forgot. What day my birthday is every single year every year. It happens, it gets me 'cause I don't have like?
007 : Hey, you know intimate relationship with my birthday. I'm just whenever it happens. It happens and so like I start seeing unfailingly like it noon, the day before my birthday, I said, Happy Birthday Happy Birthday Oh, Oh shoot is that?
008 : Set today and then I realize every time that's fine.
009 : Our only I'm going to do a quick count. There are only 3 tickets left for the live show. If you want to see the live show in New York that is Saturday. August 10th at 5:30 local time little little early.
010 : It's OK come see us, there, only 3 left go to the event. Brite link that's in the show. Notes You know you want to there's some People on the wait list for general admission, you might consider upgrading Unfortunately there's no more.
011 : General admission left right now, but stay on that wait list. We'll see. We'll see what happens. But come join us is going to be a lot of fun. Andrew and I were just talking about all the ways that we're going to make this special, and we've got some good games plants. We've got some good segments planned.
012 : Can't wait.
013 : Like I say I am so glad that Joe Biden's not in charge of our ad reads.
014 : After the 10th candidate and then just pour Joe Biden in the emblematic of his candidacy was like go to Joe at 3033. Thirty is just total nonsense like you just garbled it as he doesn't under.
015 : Then the technology it was fun, anyway, so just glad he doesn't handle that how are you doing? What any announcements before we get on to our show? Yeah, breaking this morning it's a super interesting story, it is.
016 : The state of Arizona has gone to the Supreme Court and filed a motion for leave to file a complaint about the opioid crisis and that is a complaint against Purdue Pharma and.
017 : Sackler family for allegedly hiding assets, it's incredibly interesting and there, literally is like it can't be an A segment right like it's just it needs a deep dive. We're going to cover it.
018 : We can't cover it this week, so rest assured, we're on that you, particularly this is something I think that will crossover both our rapid response Friday and our deep dive Tuesday listeners there.
019 : So much interesting procedural ear like wait you're filing a complaint in the Supreme Court. How on Earth. Do you do that? It turns out there's a way to do that there's all sorts of really procedural geekery there are all kinds of great stuff.
020 : File a bunch of complaints in the Supreme Court. Once I find out how well there's there's one really, really important reason why we can't. But that's going to have to wait till next week. Other the other thing. I want to do I want to give a shout out a lot of our listeners are.
021 : We're just finishing up taking the actual real life bar exam this week, so this hard is the one I have to do. But it's still good. I'm not saying it's not good like good job. But it sounds really quite as rewarding either.
022 : Yeah, it's not Terminator, 3 bar exam, but it's something it's something now, so congratulations for making it to the finish line. Everybody I've talked to a couple of People on Twitter, who were distraught.
023 : After having you know, taking the bar exam and let me reassure you everybody feels that way. I felt that way after taking the bar exam right like it's meant to grind you down you're going to do fine so.
024 : Yeah, I mean, I think I've missed like 6 in a row or something right. I mean, so if even I am having a hard time just imagine. It's right? That's right so I love hearing from so many People who are like Oh I'm.
025 : A lot of People into law school for better or worse. I don't know, but if we get we hear from a lot of one thing the world needs. Yes, more lawyers. That's right, but Hey, maybe they're going to go help. Some People getting railroaded by the justice system or something who knows? Maybe we do need more of a certain kind of.
026 : Here, I mean, we cracked The Simpsons, joke, but but absolutely the number of People that right into us and say that you know a played some small part in inspiring them to go and.
027 : Public service in the law that is that is touching please. Do please keep sending us. Those stories open arguments@gmail.com. We love getting them. There really, really inspirational, and thanks for sharing the wait list for Thomas ask W.
028 : Is there going to be a point? We get to in a few months time or whatever where everybody gets like their notice that says you got the 2nd best score at the firm Tom Cruise, like that do you get? When do you get your acceptance letter?
029 : Yeah, you get it in the fall. I believe it's around the October time frame. But I took the bar exam along time ago, so they may process it more quickly these days you.
030 : You will not get a Tom Cruise notification. No one will tell you that you are. You know number one in the state or whatever. You just get a pass fail? What you will get in many states is.
031 : If you were essays have been selected for publication in the model. SA book that the State Bar puts out you will get a notification of that so.
032 : You have one of those or is it like an indication opacity parks that they're like. Here's an example of model essay of what not to do your State Bar Association is trying to make your life, miserable they are.
033 : Not trying to make your life that miserable and we'll see but that'll be Falvey. Another fun time. People can post their absolutely absolutely when we get down. So yeah, we've got a lot to talk about. I love when I see how did we waste so much time?
034 : Oh, I know I love when I see an episode titled Hashtag democracy. Our IP from one P. Andrew Torres, so just I don't know if that means you're negatron now or if this will be some kind of joke. I don't know which I like better.
035 : Sleigh team negatron could use another Autobot or whatever and I use that right do it right. The correct yes. You did, you did. I'm very proud of this? Show so let's talk about it no, I did?
036 : I am very restrained and I talked about important things.
037 : Where it's at Andrew? What is happening to our democracy in #form?
038 : Is that the Senate Intelligence Committee just released the heavily redacted volume one of their final report on Russian efforts to interfere in the 2016 election.
039 : Remember this is the Republican Senate Intelligence Committee. It is chaired by Richard Burr from North Carolina. No friend of hers. No friend of the show. I'm going to link it in the show. Notes again, the report is heavily rodeck.
040 : Did the parts that are unredacted are terrifying and the panel shows that the Russians targeted state election systems in all 50 states in 20.
041 : 16.
042 : Election systems, it included having access to voter qualification data so let's be clear about what that is.
043 : Affirmative evidence that the Russians prevented People from voting in 2016.
044 : Rolls so if you are Thomas Smith, the Russians could delete you from the qualified voter in world 5000 more of Maine per capita or that game if you're Tom.
045 : Smith network like we just go and vote as each other doesn't. It's easy, but no they could delete you from the eligible voted morals and then when you show up at your polling place they check the roster and they're like Oh yeah, you're not registered to vote and.
046 : And you presumably go home, there is there is no alternative. I do not know of a state that has a mechanism for individuals who are turned away.
047 : Get the polls right like you could request a provision don't you do provisional ballot. I thought that was you get provisional ballots. When you're not registered at that particular precinct. But if you're not registered at all. I don't know that they have to give you a provisional ballot and you could really I mean?
048 : Is this absolutely fits in with the Republican narrative of? Well you know you don't want People? Who are not actually registered to show up and be able to cast a vote. They're going to, they're going to characterize that as.
049 : Voter fraud so the first thing is the Russians are deep in the mechanisms of how we vote in this country, which should be terrifying to you, regardless of which political.
050 : Party you ascribe to the second is that although we have no direct evidence of the Russians manipulating vote totals what we have direct evidence of our.
051 : Fact that they know they don't even have to manipulate the vote totals if they can make People think that maybe they manipulated the vote totals so this comes from.
052 : Oregon, who published a minority report. In addition to the report so this is not signed onto by the entire T of the committee.
053 : It was heavily redacted this refers back to findings in the main committee report that as far as I can tell are redacted. In the main report but not redacted in round widens part so we get to find out what it says so.
054 : So here's what Ron Wyden says this gets to that first hashtag quote the cyber security vulnerabilities of the US election system cannot be separated from Russia's efforts to influence American voters.
055 : The January 2017 intelligence community assessment concluded and as the committee report notes and by the way that's the part that you can't verify that seems to be redacted from the main committee report the Russia.
056 : Turns were internal quote prepared to publicly call into question the validity of the results and they had engaged pro Kremlin bloggers to prepare a Twitter campaign hashtag democracy RIT.
057 : On election night in anticipation of Secretary Clinton's victory.
058 : Results of the election into question had Hillary Clinton one.
059 : This first one just say something, we had a Republican useful idiot asking in The Who knows. I don't know what their motivations are whether whether it be moscou. Mitch is that everybody's trying to get going or other Republicans, but anyway in the hearings with.
060 : Smaller the question was Do you have any app? Did you find evidence in your investigation that the Russians?
